# Week 4 Group Meeting - (02/04/2021, 6:00 PM PST)

Attendees: Baban Hamesalh, Dillan Merchant, Fernando Bracamonte, Sash Gollamudi, Sean Ye, Sharon Lei, Siddharth Nag, Sijie Wang

## Agenda:
- Decided roles for all team members
- Addressed questions that we had from last meeting regarding work flow of app
  - Introduction page for when user enters app
  - If user wanders away from the app, give an alert
- Discussed user stories/personas
- Project pitch
  - Necessary components: system diagram, wireframes, user personas, statement of purpose, risks and rabbit holes
- Wireframes -  Sharon and Dillan
  - Using Figma to create wireframes
- 3 User Personas - Fernando and Sijie
  - Examples
    - Students (21 year old male named Thomas)
    - Professors (56 year old female named Allan)
    - Software Engineers (34 year old individual named Powell)
  - Possible differences between personas
    - Type of tasks
    - Amount of time taken
    - Type of distractions
  - Description of how each persona will use and benefit from the app
  - Doesn’t have to be just academic people
  - Make use of the following website to create personas: http://opendesignkit.org/methods/personas/ 
- Statement of Purpose - Baban (with help from Sean if necessary)
  - Goal that we’re trying to achieve with app
  - Describe the app and its functionality
  - Why are we making this app?
  - Who is the intended audience?
  - Maybe limit length to 3/4ths of a page
- Risks and Rabbit holes - Sid and Sash
  - For developers
    - Making sure someone doesn’t neglect other teammates in the workflow
    - Implementing too much technology / features
    - Going after tools rather than process
    - Over-engineering simple solution
  - Do not include risks for users

## Questions:
- What is the statement of purpose and how long should it be?

## Required Tasks:
- Project Pitch - finish individual parts by Saturday night
  - Wireframes - Dillan and Sharon
  - Statement of Purpose - Baban
  - User personas - Fernando and Sijie
  - Risks and Rabbit Holes - Sid and Sash
- CI/CD Pipeline
  - Sean will start work on it for it to be continued at the next meeting

## Optional Tasks:
- N/A


