# Week 4 Group Meeting #2 - (02/07/2021, 1:30 PM PST)

## Attendees
Baban Hamesalh, Dillan Merchant, Fernando Bracamonte, Sash Gollamudi, Sean Ye, Sharon Lei, Siddharth Nag, Sijie Wang

## Agenda
- Project Pitch
   - Finalized project pitch by compiling all portions completed by team members
   - Formatted document nicely and uploaded it to Github repository
- Figma Wireframes have been completed as well
- Pipeline is being worked on currently
- Plan to meet every Tuesday at 6PM in addition to Thursday meetings from now on

## Required Tasks
- Send project pitch to Sasya
- Complete Pipeline assignment by Tuesday
