# Week 8 Retrospective #1 Meeting - (02/21/2021, 6:40 PM PST)

## Attendees
Dillan Merchant, Baban Hamesalh, Fernando Bracamonte, Sash Gollamudi, Sean Ye, Sharon Lei, Siddharth Nag, Sijie Wang

## Agenda
- Started off meeting by having everyone create their own Retrium account
- Created a retrospective on Retrium and started by having each person list at least one thing that worked well and one thing that didnâ€™t work as well
  - Grouped together notes that were similar to each other in at least one aspect
  - [Notes](https://i.ibb.co/5RMRLSr/notes.jpg)
- Voted on which notes we agreed with most
- Iterated through each of the notes (in order of most voted) and discussed possible solutions to make it less of an issue next week
  - CI/CD Pipeline Confusion
    - Need implementation of Docs to understand pipeline better as well as possibly a video or two to understand how to use everything without problems
    - Need description of each of the different tools being used
    - [Notes on Pipeline Confusion](https://i.ibb.co/23MW5ZM/pipeline-notes.jpg)
  - Time Planning
    - Last week was hectic for most people in the group so ideally stuff should move faster this coming week
    - Daily stand-ups will allow us to see how much progress is being made
    - People should be constantly updating the backlog in the Projects section of the repo to see how much progress is being done and what needs to be completed
    - [Notes on Time Planning](https://i.ibb.co/VCxsTxQ/time-planning-notes.jpg)
- Action Plan for the coming week (based on issues of the previous week)
  - [Action Plan](https://i.ibb.co/m5CGRHr/action-plan.jpg)
