# Week 9 Group Meeting #2 - (03/09/2021, 4:00 PM PST)

## Attendees
Dillan Merchant, Baban Hamesalh, Fernando Bracamonte, Sean Ye, Sharon Lei, Siddharth Nag, Sijie Wang

## Agenda
- Discussed what sounds should be utilized for when an interval ends for the timer
  - Should be royalty free
  - About 3-5 sounds overal
- Discussed ideas surrounding the summary page
  - All tasks completed
  - Green highlight for tasks completed 
  - How many pomodoros they did
- New issues to be created and added onto the project board
  - Task list unit tests
  - Pomo circles unit tests
  - Details for summary page and end confirmation pop-up issues
