# Week 11 Group Meeting #2 - (03/16/2021, 4:00 PM PST)

## Attendees
Dillan Merchant, Baban Hamesalh, Fernando Bracamonte, Sash Gollamudi, Sean Ye, Sharon Lei, Siddharth Nag, Sijie Wang

## Agenda
- Public Script
- Public Slides
- Private Script
- Private Slides
- Began with putting final touches to pomodoroCircles tests and pushing to GitHub
- Sean tells the rest of the group to what extent he updated the codebase in regards to the overall architecture of the project
- Try to film public section videos through Zoom for proper formatting
- Have the public videos completed by tonight and uploaded to Google Drive

## Videos to Record
- Dillan
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (Introduction) (30 seconds)
  - Private section video (Agile Practices)
- Baban
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (What we overcame) (20 seconds)
  - Private section video (Victories)
- Fernando
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (Advice points)
  - Private section video (Things to add)
- Sash
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (What we would do differently) (20 seconds)
  - Private section video (Agile Practices)
- Sean
  - Public intro video
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (Pomo Product Show-Off) (1 minute and 30 seconds)
  - Private section video (Build Pipeline and Repo Organization)
- Sharon
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (Challenges) (20 seconds)
  - Private section video (Challenges)
- Sid
  - Public intro video
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (Advice points)
  - Private section video (Things to add)
- Sijie
  - Public intro video
  - Private 30-sec intro video
  - Public section video (Advice points)
  - Private section video (Things to add)
